people tend to think that they know
everything about their home planet at
the same time there are a lot of
creatures you have never seen what's
more even scientists haven't come across
a big part of existing life-forms yet
for example let's look at 11 amazing
animals that haven't been discovered
until recently many of which have big
long ten-dollar Latin names - number one
tardigrades sounds like me when I was in
grade school when I was tardy I didn't
get good grades but no that's not it
these microscopic creatures were first
discovered in 1773 by a German zoologist
it was he who gave these tiny guys their
name
however tardigrades are often called
moss piglets and water bears Wow these
are multi legged plump creatures and you
can see them only under a microscope
because their length is just two
hundredths of an inch
tardigrades are spread all over the
globe from deep sea waters to humid rain
forests but why is the discovery of
these organisms mentioned among the most
recent findings the thing is that last
year dr. Kazu Hara Arakawa from Tokyo's
Keo University discovered a new type of
tardigrades it happened when he was
collecting samples of moss from his
apartments parking lot what
distinguishes the new moss piglet from
its siblings is it's bumpy eggs and
short clunky legs the most fantastic
thing about tardigrades is that they are
some of the most resilient creatures on
earth these little guys live for several
decades and some fossilized remains date
back to 500 million years ago
tardigrades can easily survive if
temperatures fall to 328 degrees
Fahrenheit below zero or if it gets as
hot as 300 degrees Fahrenheit besides
they can withstand boiling liquids huge
amounts of pressure radiation and even
space vacuum no wonder there
still around after five mass extinctions
number two super stinger wasp Calistoga
crash at Chordata yep a ten dollar Latin
name on July 6 2018 a group of Finnish
scientists who explored the Amazon
region discovered a new species of
parasitoid wasp equipped with a huge
stinger this creature immediately
claimed its space on the list of the
scariest insects the wasps body is only
about a third of an inch long but its
stinger is approximately half the length
of its body what's so scary about such a
small creature well it's the way it uses
its stinger first of all the wasp
impales its prey paralyzes it and then
deposits its eggs inside
as a result baby wasps also known as
larvae hatch inside the body of the host
usually a caterpillar or spider after
birth they make their way outside
naturally hosts don't survive this
process sound familiar
like they stole this from alien no the
wasp had it first
luckily these nightmarish creatures
aren't strong enough to pierce your skin
so even if you find one of these wasp in
your backyard there's no need to panic
really number three big eyed shark
squalus Clark a in the middle of 2018
scientists from Florida discovered a new
cute shark species right you heard
correctly that was cute the shark is a
miniature animal with enormous eyes it
combines the feature of an anime
character with an alien from another
galaxy the length of this shark is 20 to
28 inches which is not longer than an
arm's length
these creatures dwell in the waters of
the Gulf of Mexico also this species is
one of those sharks you shouldn't be
afraid of it's way too small to harm you
number four orthros and klas along gotta
with an armored back and two rows of
hard spikes lining its sides this
creature would make your hair stand on
end
if it hadn't gone extinct many millions
of years ago in fact orthros Angeles
along gada lived 515 million years ago
the length of his spikes which extend in
all directions was bigger than the width
of the creature itself so only two
fossilized remains of the animal have
been discovered scientists are still
unsure how this 10th of an inch long
creature moved around all these newly
discovered creatures are amazing aren't
they but wait there's some more to come
the following animals were brought to
light several years earlier but this
doesn't make them any less exciting
number 5 frog the shapeshifter pristine
mantis mutabilis shape-shifting frogs
live in Ecuador and can change their
skin texture on a whim
one moment you see a relatively ordinary
smooth frog in front of you but the next
moment it turns into a scary bumpy
something with a back covered with
horn-like prickles this ability helps
the Frog to blend in with the
environment and thus hide from predators
scientists are still not sure how the
creature manages this trick probably
thanks to the structure of the frog's
skin
water moves inside and changes the skin
texture or they use makeup number six
the turtle that glows in the dark
this amazing turtle does glow neon red
and green and no radiation doesn't have
anything to do with this feature the
glowing Hawksbill turtle is the first
discovered turtle with biofluorescence
it means that it reflects the blue light
which hits the surface of the water and
transforms it into a different color
mostly orange red and green you can meet
this unique animal in the tropical
waters of the Pacific Atlantic and
Indian Oceans number seven colorful
crayfish Chair axe pol sure although
this colorful crayfish has been on sale
since the 2000s researchers started to
study the species only in 2015 that's
also when the creature got its
scientific name the most distinct
feature of colorful
crayfish is well it's bright color da
the crayfish have a fairly long lifespan
about 40 years they eat rotting wood and
leaves carcasses and insects young adult
specimens don't have any natural
predators but younger ones should be
wary of big fish and platypuses number 8
psychedelic sea slug Philo Disney 'm a
can thor Hinnom this faceless creature
looks like something that has arrived
from space its finger-like protrusions
Paul sentiment rosy blue light this kind
of sea slug lives in the waters near the
Japanese island of Okinawa some other
islands in the region and around the
Great Barrier Reef it's a small creature
with a cylindrical body and conical -
force its length doesn't exceed one inch
scientists believe that this critter is
a previously missing link between sea
slugs which feed on microscopic
organisms and those which eat corals
number 9
peekaboo spider janta Cerebus now at
first sight there is nothing unusual
about this miniscule jumping spider
which was first discovered in 2016 it
has neither a scary appearance nor a
colorful design but if you look at this
guy more attentively you'll notice that
it has a heart-shaped paddles on the
third pair of its legs the thing is to
attract the attention of a female the
spider hides under a leaf raises these
paddles and enthusiastically waves them
around the poor guy may have to do this
for hours until a female takes notice
maybe he should try speed dating
number 10 pic nosed vampire rat IO Rhino
miss Stu M key the nose of this little
rat resembles that of a cute piglet but
its teeth can make you run away
screaming this rodent which lives on the
Indonesian island of Sulawesi was
discovered only in 2013 scientists were
intrigued by the
of this animal it's pretty large an
upturned which makes the rats stand out
among its relatives another curious
feature of the newly discovered critter
is its teeth the rat has incredibly long
incisors which prevent the animal from
closing its mouth the length of the
bottom teeth reaches three quarters of
an inch long which is a lot in
comparison with the small body of the
animal on top of that scientists haven't
figured out yet why the rat needs such a
weird nose shape number eleven beetle
the traveler nymphs stir Crennel ray
this smart beetle was discovered in 2014
in Costa Rica
it's a tiny creature not bigger than
about six hundredths of an inch long it
means that you can line up sixteen of
them head to tail and they will fit in
the space of one inch but that's not the
most exciting thing about these bugs
they live nowhere else but among one
particular species of army ants asset on
mexicana these ants don't have a
permanent nest there are nomads they
move to their next destination for about
two weeks then spend the same time in
this location as for our beetle it's a
hitchhiker which uses ants as a
transport means the body of the beetle
has the shape the size and the color of
the ants abdomen it grabs on to the
shiny part of the ants belly with the
help of its mouth parts after that it
just lets the hosts do all the walking
at first glance it seems as if the ant
has two abdomens but in fact the top
part is beetle the traveler so there you
have it what bugged you the most I mean
which animal amazed you the most you can
vote for your favourite one in the
comment section below and don't forget
to explain why you pick this one
remember to give us a thumbs up share
this video with your friends and join us
on the bright side of life by hitting
subscribe
you